>> Will Sentance: And that tells us our
first, well, let's see what it
says, then make all of those changes up or
down, let's
say step of 1, step of 1, which is what we
did to test it.
Make all those changes at once.
And you might be like, wait, wait, wait,
and then start
again with a new round of independent
weight checks, independent checks.
So let's make all those changes at once.
And then you might be like, excuse me, how
am I possibly allowed to
do that when I tested the impact of the
direction by resetting everything to zero?
And now I'm gonna do them all at once?
That feels like I'm gonna be missing
something.
There's gonna be some interaction, like if
I raise this
one without changing the others, that's
very different, surely, isn't it?
To raising this one, lowering this one,
raising this one, how can I
possibly be sure that doing all together,
it's still better to raise this one?
Well, we'll come to it in a second.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Will Sentance: Maybe it's not, maybe
it's not.
>> Male Speaker 1: Test it and see.
>> Will Sentance: Let's have a look.
So, let's update all of our weights, then
the top ones we said didn't change.
Let's update all of our weights with these
directions.
So this one would go from 0 to 1.
What's this one, Nick?
>> Nick: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1.
>> Nick: -1.
>> Will Sentance: -1.
>> Nick: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1.
>> Nick: -1.
>> Will Sentance: -1.
>> Nick: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1.
>> Nick: -1.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful, now, our hope
is we have managed to find a technique
that didn't require us trying all possible
combinations of these.
But instead, just checked each of them
individually to see if it overall improved
the number that we're converting for just
that tweak, leaving all at zero, forget
it.
Change this, get them all back to 0.
Try this one up or down.
Forget everything else, try this one.
And then we could do it all at once,
even though that was surely not possible,
because I
know that it was the right move when I
held everything else constant at 0, it
made everything better.
But surely it's not the right move if I'm
also changing a bunch of other stuff.
Let's test this out and see what we get to
as our new sums.
Okay, now, people, we get to do some real
good old arithmetic.
And I need some help.
I need some help here, people.
I need some help.
I need some help cuz this is, okay, so
these were our first steps.
So we've done this now, we've used this.
But some of the weighted pixels, the
multipliers applied
to our pixels, the top ones are all 0,
right?
Then this one here, 1 by 1 is?
>> Male Speaker 2: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 0 by -1 is?
>> Male Speaker 2: 0.
>> Will Sentance: 0, so what's our running
total right now?
>> Male Speaker 2: 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1, plus 1 by 1 is?
>> Male Speaker 2: 2.
>> Will Sentance: Right, so our running
total is?
>> Male Speaker 2: 2.
>> Will Sentance: 2.
>> Male Speaker 2: Yes, sir.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, running total
after the bottom left 1 where it's
-1 by 1 is, so -1, now our running total
is?
>> Male Speaker 2: Back to 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1, then our running
total is?
>> Male Speaker 2: Up to 2.
>> Will Sentance: 2, and now our running
total is back down to?
>> Male Speaker 2: Back to 1.
>> Will Sentance: 1, amazing.
So our output is 1.
Okay, yep.
Next one, anyone got ahead of this and
worked it out?
We've got three negatives and two
positives, right?
So our total is?
-1, excellent.
-1, does that equal -1?
Yes, and for our next one, we have all of
these accounts, sorry, we're doing, this
was our getting there.
I almost wanna delete this.
No, I can leave it there, but these were
the steps we took to get to this.
These were the steps we took, we worked
out which way to go independently for each
of them, and then we're doing it all
together in one go and seeing how many
convert.
So let's take this third smile, or third 3
by 4 pixel image in.
Kayla, what's our total?
We've got two negatives and a positive, so
what's our total?
>> Kayla: One.
>> Will Sentance: So we've got two
negatives, -1 by 1 is?
>> Kayla: -1.
>> Male Speaker 1: Plus 1 takes us back up
to?
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Will Sentance: 0, +1 1 by -1 takes us
to?
>> Kayla: -1.
>> Will Sentance: -1, so our total is?
>> Male Speaker 1: -1.
>> Will Sentance: -1, does that equal -1,
Kayla?
>> Kayla: Yep.
>> Will Sentance: You bet it does.
Okay, so our first round of tweaks,
otherwise known as iteration,
doing of, repeated doing of, iteration of
gradient descent.
We'll see iteration of training, getting
our multipliers to be better.
Our first round is doing bloody well so
far.
3 out of 4, accuracy, but shoot, that's
where it ends.
What's our total here?
All 0s, all 0s, +1 by 1, yeah, the -1s are
all 0s, aren't they?
So we get one, well, anyone tell me what
the output is?
>> Male Speaker 1: 3.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, Maria, well,
everyone said it, so.
1 by 1, Maria, is?
>> Maria: 1.
>> Will Sentance: Plus 0 by -1 is still?
>> Will Sentance: Plus 1 by 1 is?
>> Maria: 2
>> Will Sentance: Plus?
>> Maria: 0.
>> Will Sentance: 0, thank you, plus?
>> Maria: 1, so 3.
>> Will Sentance: 3 plus?
>> Maria: 0.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful, 3.
Perfect, is 3, Maria, 1.
>> Maria: No.
>> Will Sentance: No, it is not.